Great, let's move on to the analysis
part of situation analysis.
So, in many ways, what we've been doing up
until now is just absorbing information.
Now we're gonna synthesize
that information and
make some decisions about what it means
and what's relevant to our strategy.
Okay?
So a findings report is a record
of all the information you learned
during discovery.
And we used to deliver findings
reports and not analyses.
And when we would do the findings report,
we would deliver here's what we heard and
the client would go.
Well, yeah,
we know all that because we're the ones
that told it to you what use is this?
We're like, well,
it's all together and they're like,
we want to know what you think about it.
Right?
So this is our feedback on around what it
is that we think is important and why.
So we'll pull out themes, for
example that we heard a lot of people say
that there's not enough time to create
the amount of content that is
currently required on the website.
Or we heard people say that they
are worried that the content isn't
appropriately structured to be able to
be managed by the new mobile app that
we are launching that is supposed to give
a superior experience, whatever, okay.
All right.
So we're gonna try out this framework.
So I don't know if you guys have ever
done a SWOT analysis yet, or at all.
There are only a very few sort of
traditional consulting tools that
I use that I find a value I find
a lot of them are just kind of
crank out a bunch of crap, but
this one is actually really good.
Where it helps you identify strengths,
opportunities, weaknesses and threats,
although I just noticed that
opportunities and weaknesses
are swapped in the labels there,
that is a terrible content strategy.
All right, so strengths provide
an area to list everything done right,
either individually or
as an organization with content.
Okay, that's how we adapt it.
Weaknesses are aspects of your business
that detract from the value you offer
place you're at a competitive
disadvantage regarding content.
Opportunities are factors that represent
reasons your business is likely,
reasons within content or reasons that
your content is likely to prosper.
In fact, if you would just
replace business with content,
then I think that that
works throughout here.
Threats include external factors beyond
your control that can place your
strategy or content at risk.
You have no control over these.
Okay, so thinking about content strengths,
content weaknesses, content opportunities
and content threats can really assist
with sort of getting out okay,
from a strategic perspective, what should
we focus on to make our content better?
Okay?
See all these nice moving things.
Okay.
So for example, weakness,
you're creating half as much content for
your primary audience as you are for
less important audiences, okay?
So you are ignoring your
primary audience and
really trying hard to cater
to your secondary audiences.
Threat or risks,
misuse of writings resources.
Perception that you don't care as
much about the primary audience, or
the primary audience is unable to
find content relevant to them.
The opportunity is to do user research,
we find that this is often
an opportunity that we offer up in
our analyses to better understand users
needs along the customer journey.
So that you can better
allocate your resources.
Make sense?
Okay, so what I'd like to have you do is,
and you can take several steps back,
you can think about either content that
exists within your product or website.
You can think about content on a certain
site that you go to regularly that you
wish were better.
Think about content on your own site.
And what I'd like you to do is just draw
the graph for strengths, weaknesses,
opportunities and threats, and
try to answer some of these questions.
Does everybody have sample content
that they can think of that they can
use to sort of analyze like this?
Or does somebody need
a recommendation on a website?
Okay, I'm gonna assume you all
have some sample content then.
So I'd like to go ahead and take about 10
minutes and have you guys think through
strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and
threats around content quality or process.